what's up YouTube defragment here with
another amazing yet on death knight PvP
this time it is going to be on unholy
pvp first off I will not be going into
the gyms and enchants that you will need
to buy for unholy because they are
exactly the same as frost so if you want
to know those just go to my frost
the death knight PvP guide and look at
those I'll leave it a link in the
description and the time at which you
should start watching it to find out the
gyms and in chance to use all right
jumping right into unholy pvp we will
look at the spec there is only one core
spec that you will need the only
possible thing you could change in this
spec is to take a point of an effing
plague bringer and put it in the sudden
doom what that would do is that would
give you a take away some of the damage
extra damage you get from your diseases
but it will cause your free death coil
procs to happen more often that's
something you can do you don't have to
alright for the prime glyphs there's
death coil raise dead and scourge strike
those are the three glyphs that you will
want for your prime glyphs for your
major glyphs you will want your anti
magic shelfs darks occur and strangulate
glyphs that's your major for your minor
glyphs you want the Horn of winter
resilient grip and deaths embrace
alright once you get all those glyphs
your stat priority is you of course your
5% hit first then your 195 spell
penetration then your Raziel strength
haste crit mastery and expertise once
you acquire that 5% hit cap be sure to
reforge the lowest priority stat in this
case it would be expertise or mastery
and crit if you don't really need the
crit and you want to turn it into haste
that is your most important stat as a
unholy death knight alright now that
we've got that out of the way we will go
straight into what moves to use and when
to use them since there is no rotation
in PvP it is all situational first thing
you want to do is you want to hit your
target without break to put your
diseases on the target so that your
scourge strikes hit harder next is to
use your scourge strikes when you need
to apply damage
your skirt strikes are your hardest
hitting attack it's what you're going to
be used it's what you're going to use to
dish out the most damage the quickest
next is you want to use your festering
strike whenever your diseases are about
to fall off your target what festering
strike does is it increases the duration
at which the diseases are on the target
so whenever your diseases get low I'd
say about ten seconds till they drop off
I would use festering strike to build
the time back up on them
so that your outbreak can have time to
get off its cooldown of course next you
want to be sure to keep your goal out at
all times and any time dark
transformation procs you want to use
dark transformation on your goal because
whenever you do that your goal increases
in how much damage it does significantly
and it helps you out a lot of course
whenever you want to blow your cooldowns
you want to blow your gargoyle you want
to blow your unholy frenzy which will
increase your haste and your room
regeneration which is how fast you can
use your scourge strike that'll increase
your damage output and you'll be able to
quickly burn down enemies if you have
your dark transformation proct
your gargoyle and unholy frenzy on you
along with a PvP trinket you do massive
massive amounts of damage and you want
to use your death coil to dump all your
runes whenever you have nothing else to
use if the enemy is hiding you you can
use your death coil to keep them keep
them hurting while they're away from you
or running away from you and death coil
whenever you're full on runes and you
have nothing else to use them for but be
careful because I find myself a lot of
the times especially in unholy spamming
death coil and I won't have enough runic
power to use something else say to lich
born and start spam healing myself with
death coils I won't have the runic power
for that so be careful on how you do
spend your rune of power because that is
a big problem for unholy decays alright
well I think this will conclude my
little guide on unholy death night PvP I
hope it helped some of you out and as
always thank you for watching please
subscribe like the video it would really
really appreciate it and once again
thanks for watching and look out for new
video